0.3 (#17)
dls-controls/scanspec: docs/tutorials/creating-a-spec.rst

Masking with Regions
--------------------

> We can apply a `Mask` to only include points within a given `Region` using

Reviewer: And here too. Maybe we should rename middle -> midpoints?

Author: As discussed in the meeting, all instances of 'positions'/'middle' have been updated to 'midpoints'. 
Half tempted to change the lower and upper terms to lower_bounds having read through the code. But I'll let you review it first in case its okay as it is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can apply a `Mask` to only include frames where the midpoints are within a given `Region` using
```
